# blindspot_amodal_Aug2016
Python experimental programme for independent research on amodal completion over the blind spot [USYD - Aug 2016]]

Participants were seated individually in front a computer screen. The experiment is run on PsychoPy (Peirce, 2007). 
Participants first positioned their blind-spot at the appropriate location. In calibration trials, a fixation cross was presented centrally on screen, 
with a grey ellipse (vertical major axis of 5.73º) placed 15.20° left of and 2.29° below the cross (measured at 50cm viewing distance).

Stimuli: For the amodal figures, four solid black major sectors (known as ‘inducers’) have their notches pointing inwards to form a percept of an occluded square. 
Six amodal figures were generated by varying the angular deviations (amount of inward deviation from 90°) of the two leftmost inducers, alpha in 3 degree steps 
(alpha = 0, 3, 6, 9, 12, 15) Stimuli for the 6 corresponding control figures were created by rotating the two leftmost inducers 180 deg, 
such that the notches are pointing outwards.

Design
The experiment has a (2 × 2) repeated measures design. For each participant, the independent variables were (1) the eye tested (the blind-spot eye or the fellow eye), 
and (2) task (curvature discrimination [CD] task for amodal figures, local orientation [LO] discrimination task for control figures). 
The blind-spot eye was always the left eye. This study employed a 2-alternative forced choice task. 
The dependent variable is the proportion of correct judgement of angle (LO task) or curvature (CD task).
